from the creators of tangled and
wreckit-ralph Disney a carrot nosed :
snowman shuffles up to a purple flower
peeping out of deep snow he takes a deep
sniff his nose lands on a frozen pond a
reindeer looks up and pants like a dog
seeing the reindeer slip on the ice the
snowman smiles and moves towards him
though actually he's running on the spot
the rainbow falls on his chin the
Snowman uses his arm as a crutch the
reindeer paddles his front legs head
over heels first snowman crawls along
the ice
the reindeer does the breaststroke the
snowman rolls his body but flips onto
his back the brain deist tongue sticks
to the ice the snowman house his head
twig arm and reindeer lips tug of the
carrot the carrot flies off and lands in
soft snow
the reindeer goes after it with snowman
at his body parts hanging on his tail
the Snowman puts himself back together
again and glumly contemplates his
noseless state the reindeer jams the
carrot back in place and pantsed at the
brow of happy the Snowman patting with a
stick then arm then goes to sneeze he
grabs his nose with both hands his head
shoots on frozen coming this winter in
3d